boss happening and happy Friday welcome
to another episode of driver a Grand
Theft Auto 5 series where I go around
Los Santos trying to prove my driving
dominance and prowess over my friends
their links will be in the description
below this race was a thing of glory
there were a couple guys that cheated
and use custom cars I'm using the one we
all agree to because I'm an outstanding
freakin citizen and driver of Los Santos
if we go blast 250 likes in this episode
that would be fantastic as well I think
I mentioned their descriptions or the
link below I'm gonna bring you guys some
outlast as well as Grand Theft Auto a
content coming up as well as some other
games but yeah that's it hope you guys
are having a great Friday let's get into
the freaking episode hit that subscribe
button if you're new to the channel
let's go I'll finish of course Finch
dislikes it fucking shit horse I dislike
it because you're in it you fucking
prick no customs no customs you had
customs last time fuckin picking a
costume no turn custom who's hosting
that's inch turn custom off turn cus
race you says it's an egg guys clutch I
didn't say anything I never say anything
racism custom vehicles are off nice yeah
dude I'm always there with you but I'm
always there coming to your defense
that's just a random law that's just a
running off the road all right boys oh
I'm ready to go oh who cheated oh my god
man that's such bullshit Ghana less
Connelly I see the pink car right there
finished in cheek because he always
picks me
anyway I never know how to do oh my god
oh my god I just ran over yes I'm stuck
boys I just ran over myself I'm in last
place
bullshit someone's gonna hit the wall I
got a feeling
I'm gonna hit the wall let's go some
lemons turn left up here come on
oh the wall turn left who hit the wall
right there yeah I made it
Oh goddess goddess I just I just read
cup of tea everyone else oh what a hold
I'm coming I'm gonna mess it up mr. self
everybody else no you're not you can't
you can't you because when you're coming
like against me too quickly it doesn't
work the common actually turns pretty
nice just did a stunt jump whoa dude you
guys are so you guys are so far spaced
out from each other I'm looking at the
map you guys are so far spaced out for
each other dude this this is actually a
really really hard race this is really
hard I have I can tough oh my god Tom
would these cars it's to work oh wow wow
fits 50 or clutch
pretty soon coming in hi are you scared
clutch oh oh my god you exactly I always
saw it on the map oh my god it's always
like an employee from first place wait
some sort of ground just warning anyone
anyone who is going up the hill so I'm
starting around Finn stop clutch Finch
please stop boom I'm gonna try I'm gonna
try with the tray on the turn Jake hey
why does he use my celebration every
time I throw I've done one default I
don't change I don't even think about
celebration people the only celebration
I do is my chair thing you did dad does
not hit the dock he didn't the dot what
okay why do you see him all the time
dickhead I don't copy anyone I only copy
myself I'm gonna change a can only I
only photocopy pictures of my balls at
work she's not do you want to do one
more knot I see how good a fucking Drive
you alright yes job perceived I haven't
gotten any jobs received yeah you guys
have cookies in England yeah yeah dude